Add support for proxy-authorization header (#347)
googleapis/google-auth-library-php: README.md

```

#### Call using Proxy-Authorization Header

> If your application occupies the Authorization request header, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application is behind a proxy such as [Google Cloud IAP][iap-proxy-header],
and your application occupies the `Authorization` request header,
```

you can include the ID token in a `Proxy-Authorization: Bearer` 

> header instead. f a valid ID token is found in a `Proxy-Authorization` header, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
header instead. If a valid ID token is found in a `Proxy-Authorization` header, 
```

IAP authorizes the request with it. After authorizing the request, IAP passes 
the Authorization header to your application without processing the content.
For this, use the static method `getProxyIdTokenMiddleware` on
`ApplicationDefaultCredentials`.

```php
use Google\Auth\ApplicationDefaultCredentials;
use GuzzleHttp\Client;
use GuzzleHttp\HandlerStack;

// specify the path to your application credentials
putenv('GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=/path/to/my/credentials.json');

// Provide the ID token audience. This can be a Client ID associated with an IAP application
//    $targetAudience = 'IAP_CLIENT_ID.apps.googleusercontent.com';
$targetAudience = 'YOUR_ID_TOKEN_AUDIENCE';

// create middleware
$middleware = ApplicationDefaultCredentials::getProxyIdTokenMiddleware($targetAudience);
$stack = HandlerStack::create();
$stack->push($middleware);

// create the HTTP client
$client = new Client([
  'handler' => $stack,

>   'auth' => ['username','pass'], // basic or any other auth option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  'auth' => ['username', 'pass'], // auth option handled by your application
```

  'proxy_auth' => 'google_auth',
]);

// make the request
$response = $client->get('/');

// show the result!
print_r((string) $response->getBody());
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[iap-proxy-header]: https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/authentication-howto#authenticating_from_proxy-authorization_header
```
